- API Reference

- Docs

[Docs](/)

- Support

[Support](https://support.stripe.com)

- Sign in →

[Sign in →](https://dashboard.stripe.com/login)

# Reader

[Reader](/api/terminal/readers)

A Reader represents a physical device for accepting payment details.

Related guide: Connecting to a reader

[Connecting to a reader](/terminal/payments/connect-reader)

[POST/v1/terminal/readers](/api/terminal/readers/create)

[POST/v1/terminal/readers/:id](/api/terminal/readers/update)

[GET/v1/terminal/readers/:id](/api/terminal/readers/retrieve)

[GET/v1/terminal/readers](/api/terminal/readers/list)

[DELETE/v1/terminal/readers/:id](/api/terminal/readers/delete)

[POST/v1/terminal/readers/:id/cancel_action](/api/terminal/readers/cancel_action)

[POST/v1/terminal/readers/:id/collect_inputs](/api/terminal/readers/collect_inputs)

[POST/v1/terminal/readers/:id/confirm_payment_intent](/api/terminal/readers/confirm_payment_intent)

[POST/v1/terminal/readers/:id/collect_payment_method](/api/terminal/readers/collect_payment_method)

[POST/v1/terminal/readers/:id/process_payment_intent](/api/terminal/readers/process_payment_intent)

[POST/v1/terminal/readers/:id/process_setup_intent](/api/terminal/readers/process_setup_intent)

[POST/v1/terminal/readers/:id/refund_payment](/api/terminal/readers/refund_payment)

[POST/v1/terminal/readers/:id/set_reader_display](/api/terminal/readers/set_reader_display)

[POST/v1/test_helpers/terminal/readers/:id/present_payment_method](/api/terminal/readers/present_payment_method)

# The Reader object

[The Reader object](/api/terminal/readers/object)

- idstringUnique identifier for the object.

Unique identifier for the object.

- device_typeenumType of reader, one of bbpos_wisepad3, stripe_m2, bbpos_chipper2x, bbpos_wisepos_e, verifone_P400, simulated_wisepos_e, or mobile_phone_reader.Possible enum valuesbbpos_chipper2xbbpos_wisepad3bbpos_wisepos_emobile_phone_readersimulated_wisepos_estripe_m2verifone_P400

Type of reader, one of bbpos_wisepad3, stripe_m2, bbpos_chipper2x, bbpos_wisepos_e, verifone_P400, simulated_wisepos_e, or mobile_phone_reader.

- labelstringCustom label given to the reader for easier identification.

Custom label given to the reader for easier identification.

- locationnullable stringExpandableThe location identifier of the reader.

The location identifier of the reader.

- metadataobjectSet of key-value pairs that you can attach to an object. This can be useful for storing additional information about the object in a structured format.

Set of key-value pairs that you can attach to an object. This can be useful for storing additional information about the object in a structured format.

[key-value pairs](/api/metadata)

- serial_numberstringSerial number of the reader.

Serial number of the reader.

- statusnullable enumThe networking status of the reader.Possible enum valuesofflineonline

The networking status of the reader.

- objectstring

- actionnullable object

- device_sw_versionnullable string

- ip_addressnullable string

- last_seen_atnullable integerPreview feature

- livemodeboolean

# Create a Reader

[Create a Reader](/api/terminal/readers/create)

Creates a new Reader object.

- registration_codestringRequiredA code generated by the reader used for registering to an account.

A code generated by the reader used for registering to an account.

- labelstringCustom label given to the reader for easier identification. If no label is specified, the registration code will be used.

Custom label given to the reader for easier identification. If no label is specified, the registration code will be used.

- locationstringRequiredThe location to assign the reader to.

The location to assign the reader to.

- metadataobjectSet of key-value pairs that you can attach to an object. This can be useful for storing additional information about the object in a structured format. Individual keys can be unset by posting an empty value to them. All keys can be unset by posting an empty value to metadata.

Set of key-value pairs that you can attach to an object. This can be useful for storing additional information about the object in a structured format. Individual keys can be unset by posting an empty value to them. All keys can be unset by posting an empty value to metadata.

[key-value pairs](/api/metadata)

Returns a Reader object if creation succeeds.

# Update a Reader

[Update a Reader](/api/terminal/readers/update)

Updates a Reader object by setting the values of the parameters passed. Any parameters not provided will be left unchanged.

- labelstringThe new label of the reader.

The new label of the reader.

- metadataobjectSet of key-value pairs that you can attach to an object. This can be useful for storing additional information about the object in a structured format. Individual keys can be unset by posting an empty value to them. All keys can be unset by posting an empty value to metadata.

Set of key-value pairs that you can attach to an object. This can be useful for storing additional information about the object in a structured format. Individual keys can be unset by posting an empty value to them. All keys can be unset by posting an empty value to metadata.

[key-value pairs](/api/metadata)

Returns an updated Reader object if a valid identifier was provided.

# Retrieve a Reader

[Retrieve a Reader](/api/terminal/readers/retrieve)

Retrieves a Reader object.

No parameters.

Returns a Reader object if a valid identifier was provided.
