# Przelewy24 payments

Przelewy24 is a Poland-based payment method aggregator that allows customers to complete transactions online using bank transfers and other methods. Bank transfers account for 30% of online payments in Poland and Przelewy24 provides a way for customers to pay with over 165 banks.

Przelewy24 redirects customers to their website to authenticate a payment and there is immediate notification about the success or failure of a payment.

[authenticate a payment](/payments/payment-methods#customer-actions)

[immediate notification](/payments/payment-methods#payment-notification)

- Customer locationsPoland

Customer locations

Poland

- Presentment currencyEUR or PLN

Presentment currency

EUR or PLN

- Payment confirmationCustomer-authenticated

Payment confirmation

Customer-authenticated

- Payment method familyAuthenticated bank debit

Payment method family

Authenticated bank debit

- Recurring paymentsNo

Recurring payments

No

- Payout timingStandard payout timing applies

Payout timing

Standard payout timing applies

- Connect supportYes

Connect support

Yes

- Dispute supportNo

Dispute support

No

- Refunds / Partial refundsYes / yes

Refunds / Partial refunds

Yes / yes

## Payment flow

Customer selects Przelewy24 at checkout

Customer is redirected to Przelewy24 and chooses bank

Customer enters account credentials

Customer completes authorization process

Customer is notified that payment is complete

(Optional) Customer returns back to business’s site for payment confirmation

## Get started

You don’t actually have to integrate Przelewy24 and other payment methods individually. If you use our front-end products, Stripe automatically determines the most relevant payment methods to display. Follow a quickstart for one of our hosted UIs:

- Checkout: Our prebuilt, hosted checkout page.

[Checkout](/checkout/quickstart)

- Elements: Our drop-in UI components.

[Elements](/payments/quickstart)

After setting up your payment form, activate the payment methods you want using the Stripe Dashboard.

[Stripe Dashboard](https://dashboard.stripe.com/settings/payment_methods)

The following Stripe products also support adding Przelewy24 from the Dashboard:

- Invoicing

[Invoicing](/invoicing/quickstart-guide)

- Payment Links

[Payment Links](/payment-links)

If your integration requires manually listing payment methods, learn how to manually configure Przelewy24 as a payment.

[manually configure Przelewy24 as a payment](/payments/p24/accept-a-payment)

## Disputed payments

The risk of fraud or unrecognized payments is low because the customer must authenticate the payment with their bank. As a result, you won’t have disputes that turn into chargebacks, with funds withdrawn from your Stripe account.

## Refunds

Payments made with Przelewy24 can only be submitted for refund within 180 days from the date of the original charge. After 180 days, it is no longer possible to refund the charge.
