- API Reference

- Docs

[Docs](/)

- Support

[Support](https://support.stripe.com)

- Sign in →

[Sign in →](https://dashboard.stripe.com/login)

# Refunds

[Refunds](/api/refunds)

Refund objects allow you to refund a previously created charge that isn’t refunded yet. Funds are refunded to the credit or debit card that’s initially charged.

Related guide: Refunds

[Refunds](/refunds)

[POST/v1/refunds](/api/refunds/create)

[POST/v1/refunds/:id](/api/refunds/update)

[GET/v1/refunds/:id](/api/refunds/retrieve)

[GET/v1/refunds](/api/refunds/list)

[POST/v1/refunds/:id/cancel](/api/refunds/cancel)

# The Refund object

[The Refund object](/api/refunds/object)

- idstringUnique identifier for the object.

Unique identifier for the object.

- amountintegerAmount, in cents.

Amount, in cents.

- chargenullable stringExpandableID of the charge that’s refunded.

ID of the charge that’s refunded.

- currencyenumThree-letter ISO currency code, in lowercase. Must be a supported currency.

Three-letter ISO currency code, in lowercase. Must be a supported currency.

[ISO currency code](https://www.iso.org/iso-4217-currency-codes.html)

[supported currency](https://stripe.com/docs/currencies)

- descriptionnullable stringAn arbitrary string attached to the object. You can use this for displaying to users (available on non-card refunds only).

An arbitrary string attached to the object. You can use this for displaying to users (available on non-card refunds only).

- metadatanullable objectSet of key-value pairs that you can attach to an object. This can be useful for storing additional information about the object in a structured format.

Set of key-value pairs that you can attach to an object. This can be useful for storing additional information about the object in a structured format.

[key-value pairs](/api/metadata)

- payment_intentnullable stringExpandableID of the PaymentIntent that’s refunded.

ID of the PaymentIntent that’s refunded.

- reasonnullable enumReason for the refund, which is either user-provided (duplicate, fraudulent, or requested_by_customer) or generated by Stripe internally (expired_uncaptured_charge).

Reason for the refund, which is either user-provided (duplicate, fraudulent, or requested_by_customer) or generated by Stripe internally (expired_uncaptured_charge).

- statusnullable stringStatus of the refund. This can be pending, requires_action, succeeded, failed, or canceled. Learn more about failed refunds.

Status of the refund. This can be pending, requires_action, succeeded, failed, or canceled. Learn more about failed refunds.

[failed refunds](/refunds#failed-refunds)

- objectstring

- balance_transactionnullable stringExpandable

- createdtimestamp

- destination_detailsnullable object

- failure_balance_transactionnullable stringExpandable

- failure_reasonnullable string

- instructions_emailnullable string

- next_actionnullable object

- receipt_numbernullable string

- source_transfer_reversalnullable stringExpandableConnect only

- transfer_reversalnullable stringExpandableConnect only

# Create a refund

[Create a refund](/api/refunds/create)

When you create a new refund, you must specify a Charge or a PaymentIntent object on which to create it.

Creating a new refund will refund a charge that has previously been created but not yet refunded. Funds will be refunded to the credit or debit card that was originally charged.

You can optionally refund only part of a charge. You can do so multiple times, until the entire charge has been refunded.

Once entirely refunded, a charge can’t be refunded again. This method will raise an error when called on an already-refunded charge, or when trying to refund more money than is left on a charge.

- amountintegerA positive integer in the smallest currency unit representing how much of this charge to refund. Can refund only up to the remaining, unrefunded amount of the charge.

A positive integer in the smallest currency unit representing how much of this charge to refund. Can refund only up to the remaining, unrefunded amount of the charge.

[smallest currency unit](/currencies#zero-decimal)

- chargestringThe identifier of the charge to refund.

The identifier of the charge to refund.

- metadataobjectSet of key-value pairs that you can attach to an object. This can be useful for storing additional information about the object in a structured format. Individual keys can be unset by posting an empty value to them. All keys can be unset by posting an empty value to metadata.

Set of key-value pairs that you can attach to an object. This can be useful for storing additional information about the object in a structured format. Individual keys can be unset by posting an empty value to them. All keys can be unset by posting an empty value to metadata.

[key-value pairs](/api/metadata)

- payment_intentstringThe identifier of the PaymentIntent to refund.

The identifier of the PaymentIntent to refund.

- reasonstringString indicating the reason for the refund. If set, possible values are duplicate, fraudulent, and requested_by_customer. If you believe the charge to be fraudulent, specifying fraudulent as the reason will add the associated card and email to your block lists, and will also help us improve our fraud detection algorithms.

String indicating the reason for the refund. If set, possible values are duplicate, fraudulent, and requested_by_customer. If you believe the charge to be fraudulent, specifying fraudulent as the reason will add the associated card and email to your block lists, and will also help us improve our fraud detection algorithms.

[block lists](/radar/lists)

- instructions_emailstring

- refund_application_feebooleanConnect only

- reverse_transferbooleanConnect only

Returns the Refund object if the refund succeeded. Raises an error if the Charge/PaymentIntent has already been refunded, or if an invalid identifier was provided.

[an error](#errors)

# Update a refund

[Update a refund](/api/refunds/update)

Updates the refund that you specify by setting the values of the passed parameters. Any parameters that you don’t provide remain unchanged.

This request only accepts metadata as an argument.

- metadataobjectSet of key-value pairs that you can attach to an object. This can be useful for storing additional information about the object in a structured format. Individual keys can be unset by posting an empty value to them. All keys can be unset by posting an empty value to metadata.

Set of key-value pairs that you can attach to an object. This can be useful for storing additional information about the object in a structured format. Individual keys can be unset by posting an empty value to them. All keys can be unset by posting an empty value to metadata.

[key-value pairs](/api/metadata)

Returns the refund object if the update succeeds. This call raises an error if update parameters are invalid.

[an error](#errors)

# Retrieve a refund

[Retrieve a refund](/api/refunds/retrieve)

Retrieves the details of an existing refund.

No parameters.

Returns a refund if you provide a valid ID. Raises an error otherwise.

[an error](#errors)
