htmlAbout the Billing APIs | Stripe Documentation[Skip to content](#main-content)About the Billing APIs[Sign in](https://dashboard.stripe.com/login?redirect=https%3A%2F%2Fdocs.stripe.com%2Fbilling%2Fbilling-apis)[The Stripe Docs logo](/)[Search the docs/](#)[Create account](https://dashboard.stripe.com/register/billing)[Sign in](https://dashboard.stripe.com/login?redirect=https%3A%2F%2Fdocs.stripe.com%2Fbilling%2Fbilling-apis)[Get started](/get-started)[Payments](/payments)[Finance automation](/finance-automation)[Banking as a service](/financial-services)[Developer tools](/development)[No-code](/no-code)[Get started](/get-started)[Payments](/payments)[Finance automation](/finance-automation)[](#)[Get started](/get-started)[Payments](/payments)[Finance automation](/finance-automation)[Banking as a service](/financial-services)[Developer tools](/development)[](#)APIs & SDKsHelp[Overview](/docs/finance-automation)[Billing](#)
[Tax](#)[Reporting](#)[Data](#)[Startup incorporation](#)NetherlandsEnglish (United States)[](#)[](#)[Home](/docs)[Finance automation](/docs/finance-automation)[Billing](/docs/billing)# About the Billing APIs

Understand how the Billing API objects work together.Subscriptions automatically create Invoices and Payment Intents for you. They have the following parts:

- A[Product](/api/products)to model what is being sold.
- A[Price](/api/prices)to determine the interval and amount to charge.
- A[Customer](/api/customers)to store the[Payment Methods](/api/payment_methods)used to make each recurring payment.

## API object definitions

ResourceDefinition[Product](/api/products)What your business offers — whether that’s a good or a service.[Price](/api/prices)How much and how often to charge for products, including how much the product costs, what currency to use, and the interval if the price is for subscriptions.[Customer](/api/customers)Stripe Customer objects allow you to perform recurring charges for the same customer, and to track multiple charges. If you create subscriptions, the customer ID is passed to the subscription object.[PaymentMethod](/api/payment_methods)Your customer’s payment instruments–how they pay for your service. For example, you may store a credit card on the customer object for recurring use. Typically used with the Payment Intents or Setup Intents APIs.[Subscription](/api/subscriptions)The product details associated with the plan that your customer subscribes to, which allow you to charge the customer on a recurring basis.[Invoice](/api/invoices)A statement of amounts owed by a customer. They track the status of payments from draft through paid or otherwise finalized. Subscriptions automatically generate invoices. You can also manually create one-off invoices.[PaymentIntent](/api/payment_intents)A way to build dynamic payment flows. A Payment Intent tracks the lifecycle of a customer checkout flow and triggers additional authentication steps when required by regulatory mandates, custom Radar fraud rules, or redirect-based payment methods. Invoices create payment intents automatically.Was this page helpful?[Yes](#)[No](#)Need help?[Contact Support](https://support.stripe.com/).Check out our[product changelog](https://stripe.com/blog/changelog).Questions?[Contact Sales](https://stripe.com/contact/sales).Powered by[Markdoc](https://markdoc.dev)Sign up for developer updates:Sign upYou can unsubscribe at any time. Read our[privacy policy](https://stripe.com/privacy).Related Guides[Coupons](/docs/billing/subscriptions/coupons)[Customers](/docs/billing/customer)[Subscriptions](/docs/billing/subscription-resource)[Subscription invoices](/docs/billing/invoices/subscription)[How invoicing works](/docs/invoicing/overview)[Payment Intents](/docs/payments/payment-intents)Products Used[Billing](/billing)Stripe ShellTest modeAPI Explorer[](https://stripe.com/docs/stripe-cli#install)`Welcome to the Stripe Shell!

Stripe Shell is a browser-based shell with the Stripe CLI pre-installed. Log in to your
Stripe account and press Control + Backtick (`) on your keyboard to start managing your Stripe
resources in test mode.

- View supported Stripe commands: stripe help ▶️
- Find webhook events: stripe trigger ▶️ [event]
- Listen for webhook events: stripe listen ▶
- Call Stripe APIs: stripe [api resource] [operation] (e.g., stripe customers list ▶️)`The Stripe Shell is best experienced on desktop.`$`