html1099-MISC form state requirements | Stripe Documentation[Skip to content](#main-content)1099-MISC[Sign in](https://dashboard.stripe.com/login?redirect=https%3A%2F%2Fdocs.stripe.com%2Fconnect%2F1099-MISC)[The Stripe Docs logo](/)[Search the docs/](#)[Create account](https://dashboard.stripe.com/register/connect)[Sign in](https://dashboard.stripe.com/login?redirect=https%3A%2F%2Fdocs.stripe.com%2Fconnect%2F1099-MISC)[Get started](/get-started)[Payments](/payments)[Finance automation](/finance-automation)[Banking as a service](/financial-services)[Developer tools](/development)[No-code](/no-code)[Get started](/get-started)[Payments](/payments)[Finance automation](/finance-automation)[](#)[Get started](/get-started)[Payments](/payments)[Finance automation](/finance-automation)[Banking as a service](/financial-services)[Developer tools](/development)[](#)APIs & SDKsHelp[Overview](/docs/payments)[Accept a payment](#)[About Stripe payments](#)[Upgrade your integration](/docs/payments/upgrades)Start an integration[Payment Links](#)[Checkout](#)[Web Elements](#)[Mobile Elements](#)Payment scenarios[During the payment](#)[After the payment](#)[Add payment methods](#)[More payment scenarios](#)[Faster checkout with Link](#)Other Stripe products[Connect](#)
[Terminal](#)[Financial Connections](#)[Crypto](#)[Climate](#)Resources[About the APIs](#)[Regulation support](#)[Testing](/docs/testing)NetherlandsEnglish (United States)[](#)[](#)[Connect](/connect)·[Home](/docs)[Payments](/docs/payments)[Connect](/docs/connect)[File tax forms with states](/docs/connect/tax-forms-state-requirements)# 1099-MISC form state requirements

View the state requirements for 1099-MISC forms.WarningSome participating State regulatory agencies haven’t fully finalized filing requirements and requirements remain subject to change for the 2023 tax season. Updates that occur to this page are automatically reflected in the form status badges and counts in the tax reporting Dashboard.

For 1099-MISC forms, the IRS requires filing if the amount of total reportable payments is $600 or more. Filing requirements for some states might differ from federal requirements.

We outline state filing requirements for 1099-MISC forms to help you identify which states you can file directly in your Dashboard, which states require a state tax registration or withholding ID when filing, and which states you’re responsible for filing directly with.

NoteIn the case of some box types, we always supply the federal threshold:

1. Royalties -$10
2. Payments in lieu of dividends or interest -$10
3. Fishing boat proceeds -$0.01
4. Excess golden parachute payments -$0.01

WarningIf you have done backup withholding or state withholding, you might have additional reporting requirements with states. We recommend that you consult a tax advisor.

STATE1099-MISC FILING REQUIREDDOES STRIPE FILEFILING DUE DATE*FILING THRESHOLDIF ISSUED, PROVIDE STATE NUMBERAlabamaIf State WitholdingSame as IRS$0–AlaskaNo–

–-–ArizonaIf State WitholdingSame as IRS$0–ArkansasCFSFSame as IRS$2,500–CaliforniaCFSFSame as IRSSame as IRS–ColoradoIf State WitholdingSame as IRS$0–ConnecticutIf State WitholdingSame as IRS$0Connecticut Tax Registration NumberDelawareState PortalSame as IRSSame as IRSMust use EINDistrict of ColumbiaState PortalSame as IRSSame as IRS–FloridaNo–

–-–GeorgiaIf State WitholdingSame as IRSSame as IRS–HawaiiCFSFSame as IRSSame as IRS–IdahoCFSFFebruary 28Same as IRSIdaho Withholding Account NumberIllinoisNo–

–-–IndianaIf State WitholdingSame as IRS$0–IowaIf State WitholdingFebruary 15$0–KansasIf State WitholdingSame as IRS$0Kansas Withholding Tax Account NumberKentuckyIf State WitholdingSame as IRS$0–LouisianaIf State WitholdingSame as IRS$0–MaineState PortalSame as IRSSame as IRS–MarylandIf State WitholdingSame as IRS$0Maryland Central Registration NumberMassachusettsState PortalSame as IRSSame as IRS–MichiganCFSFSame as IRSSame as IRS–MinnesotaIf State WitholdingSame as IRS$0–MississippiState PortalSame as IRS$601–MissouriCFSFSame as IRSSame as IRS–MontanaState PortalFebruary 28Same as IRS–NebraskaIf State WitholdingSame as IRS$0Nebraska NumberNevadaNo–

–-–New HampshireNo–

–-–New JerseyCFSFSame as IRSSame as IRS–New MexicoCFSFSame as IRSSame as IRS–New YorkNo–

–-–North CarolinaIf State WitholdingSame as IRS$0NC Withholding ID Number or EINNorth DakotaIf State WitholdingSame as IRS$0–OhioIf State WitholdingSame as IRS$0–OklahomaCFSFSame as IRSSame as IRSOklahoma Withholding Account IDOregonState PortalSame as IRSSame as IRS–PennsylvaniaState PortalSame as IRSSame as IRSPA Employer Account IDRhode IslandIf State WitholdingSame as IRS$100–South CarolinaIf State WitholdingSame as IRS$0SC Withholding File Number or EINSouth DakotaNo–

–-–TennesseeNo–

–-–TexasNo–

–-–UtahIf State WitholdingSame as IRS$0–VermontIf State WitholdingSame as IRS$0Vermont Withholding Account NumberVirginiaIf State WitholdingSame as IRS$0–WashingtonNo–

–-–West VirginiaIf State WitholdingSame as IRS$0–WisconsinIf State WitholdingSame as IRS$0Wisconsin Withholding Tax Number**WyomingNo–

–-–*January 23rd, 2024 is the latest recommended date to file forms with the IRS and states in your Stripe Dashboard

**If a Wisconsin withholding tax number isn’t provided, Stripe uses the default value of 036888888888801 instead.

## How to interpret form state requirements

Stripe supports filing in all states that require 1099-MISC filing and don’t have withholding-based filing requirements. When you file your 1099-MISC forms from the Tax forms view in the Dashboard, Stripe submits your forms to the IRS and all qualifying states.

### 1099-MISC FILING REQUIRED

State PortalStripe submits the forms directly to these states. An additional state filing fee of 1.49 USD applies per 1099-MISCform filed directly with state revenue authorities.CFSF

States listed as CFSF are part of the Combined Federal / State Filing (CFSF) program. Forms filed to the IRS are automatically forwarded to the state, eliminating separate reporting to the participating states. If forms have already been filed with the IRS, you won’t be charged an additional state filing fee for filing in these states.

Some states still require direct filing with the state, even though they participate in the CFSF program. Stripe submits the forms directly to these states.

If State WithholdingYou’re required to file a 1099-MISCform with that state only if you withheld state taxes. In your Dashboard, you can specify the amount withheld by updating the form and updating the`state_tax_withheld`column. When you file your 1099-MISCforms in the Dashboard, we automatically export forms eligible for state filing and with`state_tax_withheld`so you can file directly with applicable states.NoteSome forms that appear to be below the federal filing threshold can also appear as Ready or Needs attention due to Grouped TINs or state filing thresholds. Learn more

### FILING DUE DATE

While the IRS filing deadline for 1099-MISC forms is March 31 and the IRS deadline to deliver 1099 forms to your payees is January 31st, we coupled filing and delivery together to streamline the tax reporting process.  January 23rd, 2024 is the latest recommended date to file forms with the IRS and states in your Stripe Dashboard. This guarantees forms are filed with the IRS and a copy is sent to the recipients before the IRS delivery deadline of January 31st.

### STATE NUMBERS

State Tax Registration or Withholding IDs are only required for some states. After you obtain the registration or withholding ID, add the states in which you’ll file and the corresponding IDs on the Tax forms settings page. In the Dashboard, click Settings. On Product settings, under Connect, click Tax form settings. When filing forms in your Dashboard, you must provide an appropriate ID in states that require one.

## See also

- [File form with states](/connect/tax-forms-state-requirements)
- [Add the state tax Registration or withholding ID](/connect/tax-forms-state-requirements#add-state-reg)

Was this page helpful?[Yes](#)[No](#)Need help?[Contact Support](https://support.stripe.com/).Check out our[product changelog](https://stripe.com/blog/changelog).Questions?[Contact Sales](https://stripe.com/contact/sales).Powered by[Markdoc](https://markdoc.dev)Sign up for developer updates:Sign upYou can unsubscribe at any time. Read our[privacy policy](https://stripe.com/privacy).On this page[How to interpret form state requirements](#how-to-interpret-form-state-requirements)[See also](#see-also)Products Used[Connect](/connect)Stripe ShellTest modeAPI Explorer[](https://stripe.com/docs/stripe-cli#install)`Welcome to the Stripe Shell!

Stripe Shell is a browser-based shell with the Stripe CLI pre-installed. Log in to your
Stripe account and press Control + Backtick (`) on your keyboard to start managing your Stripe
resources in test mode.

- View supported Stripe commands: stripe help ▶️
- Find webhook events: stripe trigger ▶️ [event]
- Listen for webhook events: stripe listen ▶
- Call Stripe APIs: stripe [api resource] [operation] (e.g., stripe customers list ▶️)`The Stripe Shell is best experienced on desktop.`$`