html1099 Tax Support implementation and timeline | Stripe Documentation[Skip to content](#main-content)Implementation and timeline[Sign in](https://dashboard.stripe.com/login?redirect=https%3A%2F%2Fdocs.stripe.com%2Fconnect%2Fplatform-express-dashboard-taxes-implementation)[The Stripe Docs logo](/)[Search the docs/](#)[Create account](https://dashboard.stripe.com/register/connect)[Sign in](https://dashboard.stripe.com/login?redirect=https%3A%2F%2Fdocs.stripe.com%2Fconnect%2Fplatform-express-dashboard-taxes-implementation)[Get started](/get-started)[Payments](/payments)[Finance automation](/finance-automation)[Banking as a service](/financial-services)[Developer tools](/development)[No-code](/no-code)[Get started](/get-started)[Payments](/payments)[Finance automation](/finance-automation)[](#)[Get started](/get-started)[Payments](/payments)[Finance automation](/finance-automation)[Banking as a service](/financial-services)[Developer tools](/development)[](#)APIs & SDKsHelp[Overview](/docs/payments)[Accept a payment](#)[About Stripe payments](#)[Upgrade your integration](/docs/payments/upgrades)Start an integration[Payment Links](#)[Checkout](#)[Web Elements](#)[Mobile Elements](#)Payment scenarios[During the payment](#)[After the payment](#)[Add payment methods](#)[More payment scenarios](#)[Faster checkout with Link](#)Other Stripe products[Connect](#)
[Terminal](#)[Financial Connections](#)[Crypto](#)[Climate](#)Resources[About the APIs](#)[Regulation support](#)[Testing](/docs/testing)NetherlandsEnglish (United States)[](#)[](#)[Connect](/connect)·[Home](/docs)[Payments](/docs/payments)[Connect](/docs/connect)[1099 Tax Support and Communication Guide](/docs/connect/platform-express-dashboard-taxes)# 1099 Tax Support implementation and timeline

Learn about implementation steps and timelines for doing e-delivery of your 1099 tax forms through Stripe Express.Starting the week of November 1st, Stripe will begin outreach to your connected accounts. You can use the implementation checklist on this page to make sure that you’re ready to use e-delivery and Stripe Express for the tax season.

ActionComments[Configure your platform tax settings](/connect/get-started-tax-reporting)for the tax year, including delivery settings to enable e-delivery and early collection of identity information for connected accounts. Learn more about[e-delivery on Stripe Express](/connect/express-dashboard-taxes).Enabling e-delivery and collection of tax information triggers emails from Stripe to connected accounts starting inNovember.Identify connected accounts that are missing email addresses and add them.Stripe requires[an email address](/connect/express-dashboard-taxes#which-email-address-does-stripe-use-for-e-delivery)for each of your connected accounts to confirm tax information and e-deliver tax forms. Use the`Missing email address`filter in the 1099 dashboard to see which accounts require you to[add an email address](/connect/express-dashboard-taxes#how-do-i-update-the-email-address).Identify connected accounts that need updated tax information, and reach out to those accounts.This is important to make sure you have good tax data at filing time. For more information, see[Identifying 1099 forms that need attention](https://support.stripe.com/questions/7bd66c04-b645-4749-83f2-7d2fb36bf1d1).Prep your support teams for tax season.Grant the Tax Analyst role for anyone on your team that needs permissions to work with tax forms. For more information, see[Teams and user roles](/get-started/account/teams). Also, create or update[FAQs](/connect/platform-express-dashboard-taxes-faqs)for internal support teams.Review edge cases that aren’t eligible for e-delivery (Stripe can only paper deliver to these accounts).Work with your team to review these[edge cases](/connect/platform-express-dashboard-taxes-faqs#edge-cases-for-1099-tax-reporting).Make sure your Connect branding settings are up to date. We use those icons, colors, and the business name for Stripe emails to connected accounts.Go to the[Connect settings page](https://dashboard.stripe.com/account/applications/settings). In theBrandingsection, customize the name, color, and icon of your brand. Please use a 128x128 pixel icon.Preview and test the outreach email from Stripe.Go to the[Emails page](https://dashboard.stripe.com/settings/connect/emails)and preview the outreach email. You can send a test email.Make sure that your[support email address](/connect/platform-express-dashboard-taxes-walkthrough#for-delivery)is up to date. We use it in the e-delivery consent dialog.Go to your[Account details](https://dashboard.stripe.com/settings/account?support_details=true)page in the Dashboard and confirm theSupport emailfor your platform in thePublic business informationsection.Prepare to notify your connected accounts to expect an email from Stripe before e-delivery begin.In the[1099 Dashboard page](https://dashboard.stripe.com/connect/taxes/forms), filter for accounts with aPre-filing confirmationstatus ofSentto check who’s already been emailed. Send reminder emails to accounts who’ve already been sent pre-filing confirmation emails.Suggested timing: Once outreach to your connected accounts begins, we recommend a weekly cadence for sending reminder emails. You may choose to send another reminder email prior to filing and e-delivering of 1099 tax forms in late January. For more information, see[Stripe communication timeline proposal](/connect/platform-express-dashboard-taxes-communication).Create a support article for your connected accounts to explain the tax timeline and your partnership with Stripe for taxes.Example of a[support article by DoorDash](https://help.doordash.com/dashers/s/article/Common-Dasher-Tax-Questions?language=en_US). To view some example FAQs, see[Connected account FAQ template](/connect/platform-express-dashboard-taxes-faqs).Was this page helpful?[Yes](#)[No](#)Need help?[Contact Support](https://support.stripe.com/).Check out our[product changelog](https://stripe.com/blog/changelog).Questions?[Contact Sales](https://stripe.com/contact/sales).Powered by[Markdoc](https://markdoc.dev)Sign up for developer updates:Sign upYou can unsubscribe at any time. Read our[privacy policy](https://stripe.com/privacy).Stripe ShellTest modeAPI Explorer[](https://stripe.com/docs/stripe-cli#install)`Welcome to the Stripe Shell!

Stripe Shell is a browser-based shell with the Stripe CLI pre-installed. Log in to your
Stripe account and press Control + Backtick (`) on your keyboard to start managing your Stripe
resources in test mode.

- View supported Stripe commands: stripe help ▶️
- Find webhook events: stripe trigger ▶️ [event]
- Listen for webhook events: stripe listen ▶
- Call Stripe APIs: stripe [api resource] [operation] (e.g., stripe customers list ▶️)`The Stripe Shell is best experienced on desktop.`$`