htmlCartes Bancaires with Apple Pay | Stripe Documentation[Skip to content](#main-content)Cartes Bancaires with Apple Pay[Sign in](https://dashboard.stripe.com/login?redirect=https%3A%2F%2Fdocs.stripe.com%2Fapple-pay%2Fcartes-bancaires)[The Stripe Docs logo](/)[Search the docs/](#)[Create account](https://dashboard.stripe.com/register)[Sign in](https://dashboard.stripe.com/login?redirect=https%3A%2F%2Fdocs.stripe.com%2Fapple-pay%2Fcartes-bancaires)[Get started](/get-started)[Payments](/payments)[Finance automation](/finance-automation)[Banking as a service](/financial-services)[Developer tools](/development)[No-code](/no-code)[Get started](/get-started)[Payments](/payments)[Finance automation](/finance-automation)[](#)[Get started](/get-started)[Payments](/payments)[Finance automation](/finance-automation)[Banking as a service](/financial-services)[Developer tools](/development)[](#)APIs & SDKsHelp[Overview](/docs/payments)[Accept a payment](#)[About Stripe payments](#)[Upgrade your integration](/docs/payments/upgrades)Start an integration[Payment Links](#)[Checkout](#)[Web Elements](#)[Mobile Elements](#)Payment scenarios[During the payment](#)[After the payment](#)[Add payment methods](#)
[More payment scenarios](#)[Faster checkout with Link](#)Other Stripe products[Connect](#)[Terminal](#)[Financial Connections](#)[Crypto](#)[Climate](#)Resources[About the APIs](#)[Regulation support](#)[Testing](/docs/testing)NetherlandsEnglish (United States)[](#)[](#)[Home](/docs)[Payments](/docs/payments)[Add payment methods](/docs/payments/payment-methods/overview)[Wallets](/docs/payments/wallets)[Apple Pay](/docs/apple-pay)# Cartes Bancaires with Apple PayBeta

Learn more about Cartes Bancaires with Apple Pay and how to integrate it.NoteCurrently we only support on-session Euro payments for Cartes Bancaires with Apple Pay. You must only enable Cartes Bancaires with Apple Pay if you support Cartes Bancaires charges. If you’re a platform using the on_behalf_of parameter, the on_behalf_of account must support Cartes Bancaires charges. Platforms can check an account’s eligibility with the Capabilities API.

[Accept Apple Pay](#ios-accept-apple-pay)First, follow the Apple Pay guide to start accepting Apple Pay.

[Add Cartes Bancaires as an enabled network](#ios-add-cartes-bancaires-to-enabled-networks)When your app starts, configure the SDK with Cartes Bancaires as an enabled Apple Pay network.

AppDelegate.swift[Swift](#)`StripeAPI.additionalEnabledApplePayNetworks = [.cartesBancaires]`[Testing Apple Pay](#ios-test-apple-pay)Wallet in iOS can’t save Stripe test cards information. Instead, Stripe recognizes when you’re using your test API keys and provides a successful test card token for you to use. This allows you to make test payments using a live card without any charges being applied. Make sure you test using a Cartes Bancaires card obtained from one of the Apple Pay participating banks.

NoteOnly add Cartes Bancaires to the list of enabled networks if the transaction is on-session, in Euros and isn’t setting up future off-session transactions. If you pass Cartes Bancaires as an enabled network but the card provided isn’t a Cartes Bancaires card, Stripe processes the transaction with Visa or Mastercard as normal.

Was this page helpful?[Yes](#)[No](#)Need help?[Contact Support](https://support.stripe.com/).Check out our[product changelog](https://stripe.com/blog/changelog).Questions?[Contact Sales](https://stripe.com/contact/sales).Powered by[Markdoc](https://markdoc.dev)Sign up for developer updates:Sign upYou can unsubscribe at any time. Read our[privacy policy](https://stripe.com/privacy).On this page[Accept Apple Pay](#ios-accept-apple-pay)[Add Cartes Bancaires as an enabled network](#ios-add-cartes-bancaires-to-enabled-networks)[Testing Apple Pay](#ios-test-apple-pay)Products Used[Payments](/payments)Stripe ShellTest modeAPI Explorer[](https://stripe.com/docs/stripe-cli#install)`Welcome to the Stripe Shell!

Stripe Shell is a browser-based shell with the Stripe CLI pre-installed. Log in to your
Stripe account and press Control + Backtick (`) on your keyboard to start managing your Stripe
resources in test mode.

- View supported Stripe commands: stripe help ▶️
- Find webhook events: stripe trigger ▶️ [event]
- Listen for webhook events: stripe listen ▶
- Call Stripe APIs: stripe [api resource] [operation] (e.g., stripe customers list ▶️)`The Stripe Shell is best experienced on desktop.`$`