htmlDesign patterns for Stripe Apps | Stripe Documentation[Skip to content](#main-content)Design patterns[Sign in](https://dashboard.stripe.com/login?redirect=https%3A%2F%2Fdocs.stripe.com%2Fstripe-apps%2Fpatterns)[The Stripe Docs logo](/)[Search the docs/](#)[Create account](https://dashboard.stripe.com/register)[Sign in](https://dashboard.stripe.com/login?redirect=https%3A%2F%2Fdocs.stripe.com%2Fstripe-apps%2Fpatterns)[Get started](/get-started)[Payments](/payments)[Finance automation](/finance-automation)[Banking as a service](/financial-services)[Developer tools](/development)[No-code](/no-code)[Get started](/get-started)[Payments](/payments)[Finance automation](/finance-automation)[](#)[Get started](/get-started)[Payments](/payments)[Finance automation](/finance-automation)[Banking as a service](/financial-services)[Developer tools](/development)[](#)APIs & SDKsHelp[Overview](/docs/development)[Building your integration](#)Developer tools[SDKs](#)[API](#)[Testing](#)[Webhooks](#)[Stripe CLI](#)[Stripe Shell](#)[Developer Dashboard](#)[Workbench](#)[Stripe for Visual Studio Code](/docs/stripe-vscode)[File uploads](/docs/file-upload)[Feedback](/docs/dev-tools-csat)Resources[Security](#)[Sample projects](#)[Videos](#)Extend Stripe[Stripe Apps](#)
[Stripe Connectors](#)Partners[Partner ecosystem](/docs/partners)[Partner certification](/docs/partners/training-and-certification)NetherlandsEnglish (United States)[](#)[](#)[Home](/docs)[Developer tools](/docs/development)[Stripe Apps](/docs/stripe-apps)# Design patterns for Stripe Apps

Follow our recommended design patterns to expedite your Stripe app review.Patterns function as the foundation of your app design. Think of them as a combination of components—for example, combining the Spinner and other individual components to create a Loading screen. As we establish new patterns, we’ll add guidance to this section. Follow these patterns as you design your app to provide users with a consistent, clear, and scalable experience.

## Onboarding

[Activation flowProvide users with a sign in or sign up flow that’s recognizable, secure, and intuitive.](/docs/stripe-apps/patterns/activation-flow)[Sign inApply this recommended sign in or sign up template as the first step in your onboarding flow.](/docs/stripe-apps/patterns/sign-in)[Settings sign inWhen building a back-end only app, build your onboarding flow as part of the user’s Stripe settings.](/docs/stripe-apps/patterns/settings-signin)[Demo contentWhen showing demo content, follow this pattern to highlight the top functionality that your app offers.](/docs/stripe-apps/patterns/demo)[Additional contextWhen providing users with additional context, dedicate a space for it on a separate screen.](/docs/stripe-apps/patterns/additional-context)[Redirect to StripeIf users need to open a new tab to complete the onboarding flow, use this pattern to provide users a clear path back to Stripe.](/docs/stripe-apps/patterns/redirects)[Sign outUse this pattern to provide users with a clear and universal flow when signing out of your app.](/docs/stripe-apps/patterns/sign-out)## User actions

[Back linkUse this pattern to allow users to navigate to a previous page.](/docs/stripe-apps/patterns/back-link)[Action buttonsUse this pattern to emphasize the primary action a user needs to complete.](/docs/stripe-apps/patterns/action-buttons)## Status

[Communicating stateUse this pattern to clearly communicate the status of a request to users.](/docs/stripe-apps/patterns/communicating-state)[Empty stateUse this pattern to make sure that users know that there’s no data available to load.](/docs/stripe-apps/patterns/empty-state)[LoadingUse this pattern to make sure that users know that data is being downloaded.](/docs/stripe-apps/patterns/loading)[Progress steppingUse this pattern to make sure users can track step-by-step progress toward a specific task.](/docs/stripe-apps/patterns/progress-stepping)[Waiting screensUse this pattern to make sure users clearly understand that they’re connecting to Stripe.](/docs/stripe-apps/patterns/waiting-screens)## Layout

[ListsUse this pattern to organize information as a list.](/docs/stripe-apps/patterns/lists)Was this page helpful?[Yes](#)[No](#)Need help?[Contact Support](https://support.stripe.com/).Check out our[product changelog](https://stripe.com/blog/changelog).Questions?[Contact Sales](https://stripe.com/contact/sales).Powered by[Markdoc](https://markdoc.dev)Sign up for developer updates:Sign upYou can unsubscribe at any time. Read our[privacy policy](https://stripe.com/privacy).On this page[Onboarding](#onboarding)[User actions](#user-actions)[Status](#status)[Layout](#layout)Stripe ShellTest modeAPI Explorer[](https://stripe.com/docs/stripe-cli#install)`Welcome to the Stripe Shell!

Stripe Shell is a browser-based shell with the Stripe CLI pre-installed. Log in to your
Stripe account and press Control + Backtick (`) on your keyboard to start managing your Stripe
resources in test mode.

- View supported Stripe commands: stripe help ▶️
- Find webhook events: stripe trigger ▶️ [event]
- Listen for webhook events: stripe listen ▶
- Call Stripe APIs: stripe [api resource] [operation] (e.g., stripe customers list ▶️)`The Stripe Shell is best experienced on desktop.`$`