# Webhooks for Stripe Issuing and Stripe Treasury

Stripe uses webhooks to notify your application when an event happens in your account. Webhooks are particularly useful for asynchronous events such as when an Issuing authorization is created or when a user sends an ACH transfer.

[event](/api/events/types)

[events](/api/events/types)

[authorization is created](/api/events/types#event_types-issuing_authorization.created)

Note To view the Treasury related webhook events, log in to your Stripe account with Stripe Treasury enabled.

## Issuing webhook events

The following table lists the webhook events for Issuing and Treasury.

Connect webhooks are for activity on any connected account. All events on the connected account are sent to the Connect webhooks. This includes the events generated by Treasury and Issuing integrations. For more information see Connect Webhooks.

[Connect Webhooks](/connect/webhooks)

[issuing_authorization.created](/api/events/types#event_types-issuing_authorization.created)

[issuing_authorization.request](/api/events/types#event_types-issuing_authorization.request)

[Using your integration to handle authorization requests](/issuing/purchases/authorizations)

## Treasury webhook events

The following table lists the webhook events for Treasury and when they occur.

## Connect onboarding webhook events

The following webhook events can occur during Connect onboarding:

- Account.updated

- Persons.updated

- Capability.updated

For more information, see Making API calls for connected accounts | Stripe Documentation

[Making API calls for connected accounts | Stripe Documentation](/connect/authentication)

## Financial Connections webhook events (for funding with inboundTransfer)

See Financial Connections webhooks - these webhooks are relevant when a Connected Account uses Financial Connections to instantly verify an external bank account to enable InboundTransfers.

[Financial Connections webhooks](/financial-connections/webhooks)

## Webhook event best practices

To learn more about webhook best practices, see the webhooks best practices.

[webhooks best practices](/webhooks#best-practices)
