htmlLink with Web Elements | Stripe Documentation[Skip to content](#main-content)Link with Web Elements[Sign in](https://dashboard.stripe.com/login?redirect=https%3A%2F%2Fdocs.stripe.com%2Fpayments%2Flink%2Felements-link)[The Stripe Docs logo](/)[Search the docs/](#)[Create account](https://dashboard.stripe.com/register)[Sign in](https://dashboard.stripe.com/login?redirect=https%3A%2F%2Fdocs.stripe.com%2Fpayments%2Flink%2Felements-link)[Get started](/get-started)[Payments](/payments)[Finance automation](/finance-automation)[Banking as a service](/financial-services)[Developer tools](/development)[No-code](/no-code)[Get started](/get-started)[Payments](/payments)[Finance automation](/finance-automation)[](#)[Get started](/get-started)[Payments](/payments)[Finance automation](/finance-automation)[Banking as a service](/financial-services)[Developer tools](/development)[](#)APIs & SDKsHelp[Overview](/docs/payments)[Accept a payment](#)[About Stripe payments](#)[Upgrade your integration](/docs/payments/upgrades)Start an integration[Payment Links](#)[Checkout](#)[Web Elements](#)[Mobile Elements](#)Payment scenarios[During the payment](#)[After the payment](#)[Add payment methods](#)[More payment scenarios](#)[Faster checkout with Link](#)
Other Stripe products[Connect](#)[Terminal](#)[Financial Connections](#)[Crypto](#)[Climate](#)Resources[About the APIs](#)[Regulation support](#)[Testing](/docs/testing)NetherlandsEnglish (United States)[](#)[](#)[Payments](/payments)·[Home](/docs)[Payments](/docs/payments)[Faster checkout with Link](/docs/payments/link)# Link with Web Elements

Embed Link into your custom payment page for faster checkout.Use Link with Stripe’s Web Elements to add one-click checkout to your custom payment page. Customers new to Link can save their payment details and shipping information to enable faster checkout in the future. Learn more about what Link is and how it works.

[Link in the Payment ElementRecommendedTrigger Link in the Payment Element whenever a customer selects a supported payment method.](/payments/link/payment-element-link)[Link in the Express Checkout ElementRecommendedDisplay Link alongside Apple Pay, Google Pay, and PayPal using the Express Checkout Element.](/payments/link/express-checkout-element-link)[Explore the Link Authentication ElementUse the Link Authentication Element to create an email input field that authenticates Link customers.](/payments/link/link-authentication-element)[Link in the Payment Request ButtonLet your customers use Link through the Payment Request Button and pay with their saved payment details.](/payments/link/payment-request-button-link)[Link in the Card ElementSave and autofill your customer’s payment information by using Link in the Card Element.](/payments/link/card-element-link)Was this page helpful?[Yes](#)[No](#)Need help?[Contact Support](https://support.stripe.com/).Check out our[product changelog](https://stripe.com/blog/changelog).Questions?[Contact Sales](https://stripe.com/contact/sales).Powered by[Markdoc](https://markdoc.dev)Sign up for developer updates:Sign upYou can unsubscribe at any time. Read our[privacy policy](https://stripe.com/privacy).Stripe ShellTest modeAPI Explorer[](https://stripe.com/docs/stripe-cli#install)`Welcome to the Stripe Shell!

Stripe Shell is a browser-based shell with the Stripe CLI pre-installed. Log in to your
Stripe account and press Control + Backtick (`) on your keyboard to start managing your Stripe
resources in test mode.

- View supported Stripe commands: stripe help ▶️
- Find webhook events: stripe trigger ▶️ [event]
- Listen for webhook events: stripe listen ▶
- Call Stripe APIs: stripe [api resource] [operation] (e.g., stripe customers list ▶️)`The Stripe Shell is best experienced on desktop.`$`